emulator/README.md, before:

# Emulator

A python emulator of a single card.

- CVC: 123456
- **TAPSIGNER<sup>&trade;</sup>** AES key: 41414141414141414141414141414141
- Precise error codes will differ from real product
- _Completely_ insecure
- Uses wallycore for Bitcoin math
- Code is stand-alone, independent of `cktap`
- No attempt to make it portable; might be MacOS-only

## Usage

```
Usage: ecard.py [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

Options:
  -q, --quiet             Less debugging
  -t, --testnet           Operate on testnet3 rather than mainnet
  -r, --rng-seed integer  Seed value for (not) RNG
  --help                  Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  emulate    Emulate a card which has just powered on after CAP loaded.
  satscard   Build a SATSCARD and do the basics with it.
  tapsigner  Build a TAPSIGNER card and do the basics with it.
```

Command usage:

```shell
# emulate a factory-fresh card
% ./ecard.py emulate -f
```

```shell
# emulate a SATSCARD with first slot populated, certificate chain installed
% ./ecard.py emulate
```

```shell
# emulate a TAPSIGNER with no key picked yet
% ./ecard.py emulate -t --no-init
```

```shell
# emulate a TAPSIGNER with key already picked
% ./ecard.py emulate -t
```

When emulating a card, commands can be sent to the Unix domain pipe
at `/tmp/ecard-pipe` as CBOR objects. Responses are CBOR to be decoded.

Commit message:

Use socket port for emulator
portability : use port over a unix file socket

emulator/README.md, after:

# Emulator

A python emulator of a single card.

- CVC: 123456
- **TAPSIGNER<sup>&trade;</sup>** AES key: 41414141414141414141414141414141
- Precise error codes will differ from real product
- _Completely_ insecure
- Uses wallycore for Bitcoin math
- Code is stand-alone, independent of `cktap`

## Usage

```
Usage: ecard.py [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

Options:
  -q, --quiet             Less debugging
  -t, --testnet           Operate on testnet3 rather than mainnet
  -r, --rng-seed integer  Seed value for (not) RNG
  -p, --port              Socket port number
  --help                  Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  emulate    Emulate a card which has just powered on after CAP loaded.
  satscard   Build a SATSCARD and do the basics with it.
  tapsigner  Build a TAPSIGNER card and do the basics with it.
```

Command usage:

```shell
# emulate a factory-fresh card
% ./ecard.py emulate -f
```

```shell
# emulate a SATSCARD with first slot populated, certificate chain installed
% ./ecard.py emulate
```

```shell
# emulate a TAPSIGNER with no key picked yet
% ./ecard.py emulate -t --no-init
```

```shell
# emulate a TAPSIGNER with key already picked
% ./ecard.py emulate -t
```

When emulating a card, commands can be sent to the socket
port 3000 as CBOR objects. Responses are CBOR to be decoded.
