docs/best-practices.md, before:

# Best Practices

## Overall

1. Never store a CVC (PIN code). Just prompt when needed, and keep in memory
during operation. You should associate it with the `card_ident` (card pubkey)
and if a different card is seen, assume a new CVC is needed.

2. Verify that when the card picks a key it uses BIP-32 chain code you gave it.
Take the `chain_code` your code provided, and check that the public key it
gives after picking is derived using that `chain_code`. This check applies to
both the SATSCARD, where the path is always `m/0` and also the TAPSIGNER,
where you may control the derivation path.

3. Assume the PIN code (CVC) is all numeric and provide you users with a 
digits-only on-screen keyboard.

## SATSCARD

1. Do not prompt for CVC (PIN code) unless you truly need it. For example, if you
are showing the "balance" there is no need for the code. If the user is verifying
someone else's card (for example, before a business transaction is completed),
then you've risked the funds involved. In many cases, if you can make the CVC
**optional** you've got the best of all worlds: owners of the card, who
trust your app, can make use of the CVC and others do not need to.

2. Highlight when slot zero is unsealed. It is not bad or wrong, but it
means that the QR code printed on the card back should no longer
be used. The assumption is once a slot is unsealed, the private key
is public.

3. Not all SATSCARD will have a printed QR on the back. For now,
all cards will have slot zero picked at factory, but we may ship
a SATSCARD someday with slot zero unused. In that case, the `chain_code`
argument to `setup` will have to be provided by your app (32-byte nonce).


## TAPSIGNER

1. Set the derivation path once, then just change the final two components
(change/not change) and index when signing.

2. Do not try to do anything special with a SATSCHIP if you detect it, just
operate like it was a normal TAPSIGNER (because it is, with the exception of
the backup command).

3. Never prompt your user for the AES key printed on the card. It's
for emergencies only and once used, the TAPSIGNER is no longer
secure.

4. Encourage users to change the CVC from factory default.

5. Force your users to use numeric (digits only) CVC when they
change it. Although the protocol could be used for other bytes,
your app will make the customer's TAPSIGNER card incompatible with
other apps if creates a CVC which isn't simple numeric digits.


## SATSCHIP

1. Treat it just like a TAPSIGNER.

2. Remember it cannot be backed-up and the keys are known only to the card itself, so
consider long and hard before you put big sats under its sole signature.

Commit message:

v1.0.0 SATSCARD will attest to pubkey of sealed slot

docs/best-practices.md, after:

# Best Practices

## Overall

1. Never store a CVC (PIN code). Just prompt when needed, and keep in memory
during operation. You should associate it with the `card_ident` (card pubkey)
and if a different card is seen, assume a new CVC is needed.

2. Always verify the factory certificate of the card before trusting
any data from it. Otherwise, your users will be tricked by cloned
or emulated cards.

3. Verify that when the card picks a key it uses BIP-32 chain code you gave it.
Take the `chain_code` your code provided, and check that the public key it
gives after picking is derived using that `chain_code`. This check applies to
both the SATSCARD, where the path is always `m/0` and also the TAPSIGNER,
where you may control the derivation path. On the TAPSIGNER, the `xpub`
command should return the same chain code as you proided.

4. Assume the PIN code (CVC) is all numeric and provide your users with a 
digits-only on-screen keyboard.


## SATSCARD

1. Do not prompt for CVC (PIN code) unless you truly need it. For example, if you
are showing the "balance" there is no need for the code. If the user is verifying
someone else's card (for example, before a business transaction is completed),
then you've risked the funds involved. In many cases, if you can make the CVC
**optional** you've got the best of all worlds: owners of the card, who
trust your app, can make use of the CVC and others do not need to.

2. Highlight when slot zero is unsealed. It is not bad or wrong, but it
means that the QR code printed on the card back should no longer
be used. The assumption is once a slot is unsealed, the private key
is public.

3. Not all SATSCARD will have a printed QR on the back. For now,
all cards will have slot zero picked at factory, but we may ship
a SATSCARD someday with slot zero unused. In that case, the `chain_code`
argument to `setup` will have to be provided by your app (32-byte nonce).

4. When unsealing a slot, you should probably setup the next slot in the
same operation.


## TAPSIGNER

1. Set the derivation path once, then just add the final two components
(change/not change) and index when signing digests (see `subpath` argument).

2. Do not try to do anything special with a SATSCHIP if you detect it, just
operate like it was a normal TAPSIGNER (because it is, with the exception of
the backup command).

3. Never prompt your user for the AES key printed on the card. It's
for emergencies only and once used, the TAPSIGNER is no longer
secure. For backup purposes, capture the data and save it as binary.

4. Encourage users to change the CVC from factory default.

5. Force your users to use numeric (digits only) CVC when they
change it. Although the protocol could be used for other bytes,
your app will make the customer's TAPSIGNER card incompatible with
other apps if creates a CVC which isn't simple numeric digits.


## SATSCHIP

1. Treat it just like a TAPSIGNER.

2. Remember it cannot be backed-up and the keys are known only to the card itself, so
consider long and hard before you put big sats under its sole signature.
